In my career. I've helped
make sequencing of human
and other genomes.
all your genes. possible.
and then affordable.
so bringing it down
from $3 billion to $300.
We've also been involved
in writing and editing DNA.
which involves being able to
synthesize DNA from scratch
and also to make tiny edits
with enzymes like CRISPR.
I probably should have
no opinion being. you know.
a scientist that's open to possibilities.
To some extent.
the entire universe has
some kind of intelligence to it.
It just has this amazing
computational ability.
Yeah. I think we haven't even
scratched the surface even
in all science fiction of
what aliens could be like.
It's exciting. the possibility
that we are not only seeing aliens.
but having close encounters with 'em.
Were you
visited by aliens as well?
Yeah. and I had a UFO experience.
That was in '67. '68.
And you
weren't high or anything?
No. I didn't do drugs.
I didn't even drink back then.
- And who visited?
- They just randomly picked me
and I woke up while they were doing it.
I'm going. "What the fuck's going on?"
My room was white.
We're talking today
with Harvard University
psychiatrist John Mack.
who studied the cases of
about a hundred people at least
who claimed that they'd
been abducted by aliens.
One of Dr. Mack's patients. Randy here.
says his abduction
occurred while he was awake.
What do you remember from that moment on?
When I regained
consciousness. it wasn't real quick.
I didn't know where I was.
I felt like I was dying.
And this is what really fueled the panic
when I finally laid
eyes on these creatures.
They seem to cut across
every socioeconomic level.
They seem to be.
this is kind of paradoxical
since everyone's always trying
to blame this on psychopathology.
they seem to be unusually mentally sound.
In other words. they seem to pick people
who are particularly
strong. stable. open-minded.
My name's Terry. I'm an experiencer.
My name is Travis Walton
and I'm an experiencer.
I prefer experiencer.
I've never liked the word
abductee. I don't know why.
it kind of creeps me out.
Contactee sounds a
little 50-ish. 1950s weirdo.
I had experiences.
My name is Debbie and I'm an experiencer.
How I got into this work
is something that's a little
difficult for me to explain.
It was not anything that I had planned.
I was interested in
hypnosis and hypnotherapy
by what I had read.
but my heart was really in
working with cancer patients.
Once I received the
couple of abduction cases.
or possible abduction cases
in the beginning of my practice.
I thought it would be very
interesting to work with people
who feel that they have been contacted.
So. this experience
often starts in childhood
and follows the person
throughout their life.
As an example.
I am working on a case now
where she told me that she and her sister.
when they were young
children. shared the same dream.
Well. then my red flag goes up.
You know. people don't
share the same dream.
Something may have happened.
My name is Skyler Collins.
I am a professional hairdresser
and I've been doing
hair for going on 10 years.
as well as a musician.
I'd say that the beginning
of all of this kind of happened
for me when I was a child.
My sister and I are a
year and nine days apart.
so growing up everyone
always thought we were twins.
You know. we have a lot
of features that look similar.
but definitely two separate personalities.
One day we both woke up and told each other
that we both had this similar dream.
I think I was either six or seven.
so she was either seven or eight.
and this first dream we
had was like this mansion
that we were trapped in.
And we both confirmed
that it was the same
setup in this living room.
The people that were in
the dream were the same.
Almost a year later.
it was in the same situation again
where we both woke up and
told each other this dream.
This dream was a little bit different
where we were at a family party
and eventually all the kids
in the dream got. you know.
absorbed into this. like. floating tornado.
Everything went black and
then we were thrown back down.
I just thought it was a dream.
didn't really think anything of it.
but apparently it's not common
to have identical dreams with siblings.
So. we always kind of just thought it was
some sort of alien abduction.
because being literally sucked
out. you know. into the sky.
So. one of the opportunities
that was given to us
was to go through dream regression
and go through hypnotherapy.
It'd be a great opportunity
to see what my options are.
what my chances are of
figuring out if this was real or not.
And then I can. you know.
decide based on if it works or not.
how to interpret what we learn.
Hi. Sky.
I don't think that
anything will really come
of this hypnotherapy
'cause I'm kind of stubborn.
I'm someone who I've never
been able to get into yoga
because I can't let my brain go.
I'm a very consciously moving person.
so it's hard for me to shut
off everything around me.
I'm gonna go through the process
of what we're gonna do
today. take some notes.
I'm not gonna control your mind.
Okay.
You're not gonna be unconscious.
A lot of people go. "God. I
don't think I'm in hypnosis."
"I can just get up and walk
outta here." and you can.
but you're giving me permission
to allow me to be your facilitator. okay?
Okay. great. - So. just keep that in mind
that you know...
I think this
is a great opportunity
to see if this was real or not
and then I can. you know.
decide based on if it works or not.
how to interpret what we learn.
You will not
be anxious or distressed.
but you will remember everything
and you will tell me everything.
As the niece of Betty and Barney Hill.
I've had a long-term interest in contact
and attempting to discover the answers
that I've looked for for many years.
My aunt Betty Hill was a very
curious. very strong person.
There was very little
that she was afraid of.
She married a Black man in 1960.
She was a social worker in
the state of New Hampshire
and very active in the Civil
Rights Movement as well.
Barney had been a very jovial person.
He had a lot of charisma.
and I think that this is why
in 1965 he was appointed
to the US Civil Rights
State Advisory Commission.
He was active in the NAACP.
He spoke to the public
promoting civil rights.
He'd also went on Martin Luther
King's March on Washington.
Barney had decided to surprise Betty
with a short vacation trip.
So. they went to Niagara
Falls. drove up to Montreal.
They had intended to spend the night there.
but there was a hurricane
coming up the coast.
so they wanted to
return home before it hit.
As they were driving through
Northern New Hampshire.
Betty saw a new light in the sky.
She wondered if it might be a satellite.
And so. she started to watch it
as it grew larger and larger in the sky.
She wanted Barney to stop the car
so that she could get a
better look at this thing
to try to identify it.
When they finally arrived home.
they were at least two hours later
than they had anticipated.
Betty's clothes were torn.
Barney's best dress shoes
were so deeply scraped
that he had to buy new shoes.
The watches they were wearing
that night never ran again.
Betty especially wanted
to learn more and more.
Barney unfortunately
developed what we know today
as post-traumatic stress disorder.
He developed a bleeding
ulcer. high blood pressure.
and these things would not recede
with traditional medical treatment.
He was greatly distressed
by his conscious recall
of feeling that he was going to be captured
and then having evidence
that he might have indeed been captured.
He was referred to a renowned psychiatrist
in Boston. Massachusetts.
Dr. Benjamin Simon.
He worked with veterans
returning from the war
during World War II.
He used deep trans hypnosis
to help his patients resolve the trauma
that they had experienced.
Betty and Barney. under separate hypnosis.
relived the same events.
We are driving along.
I don't know where we are.
I don't even know how we got here.
We've been driving and
I don't know how long
and we haven't even been talking
when I've just been feeling a feeling
that something's gonna happen.
You go deeper
and deeper. deeper asleep.
You will remember everything
and you will tell me everything.
Yes.
I pulled over to the side of the road.
Betty is trying to make me
think this is a flying saucer.
And I don't.
I try to maintain control
so Betty cannot tell I am scared.
God. I'm scared.
They won't talk to me.
- Who won't talk to you?
The men that
are standing in the road.
Did they have
faces like other people?
His eyes were slanted.
I see it so. His eyes were slanted.
But not like a Chinese.
I gotta get my gun.
Really gotta get my gun. - All right.
Calm down. Relax.
Deeply relaxed.
What was Betty doing all this time?
He's trying to start
the car and it won't start.
And the men are coming towards us.
And I think. well...
I can get away form this.
If I can get the car door open.
I can run in the woods and hide.
And the men come up
and they open it for me.
This creature.
this leader is telling me something.
He's telling you something. How?
How's it getting it to you?
I can see it in his face.
Do you see his lips move? Yes.
No. he's lips aren't moving.
How could you be
sure he was telling you this?
His eyes.
He says. "You don't
have any reason to be afraid.
We're not going to harm you."
And they're taking me up to the object.
I don't wanna go on it.
I don't know what's
gonna happen if I go on it.
Did you feel you
were going to be attacked
in any way? - No.
I was laying on the table.
The examiner unzips my dress off.
I lie down on the table on my back
and the examiner has a
long needle in his hand.
It's bigger than any needle I've ever seen.
And my fly
was open and I thought
are they putting a cup
around my private parts?
And he sticks a needle into my navel.
And I'm crying and I tell him it's hurting.
and hurting. and hurting. take it out.
And then the leader.
he goes over and he puts his hand.
runs his hand in front
of my eyes and he says.
"I'll be all right. I won't feel it."
And all the pain goes away.
I asked the leader. I said.
why did he stick the needle in my navel?
And he said. "It was a pregnancy test."
And I said that was no pregnancy test here.
I thought. how funny.
if I keep real quiet and real still.
I won't be harmed and it will be over.
He went over and did something
and the metal of the wall.
there was an opening
and he pulled down a map.
He asked me. had I ever
seen a map like this before?
It was an oblong map.
And he said that the heavy
lines were trade routes.
And then the other lines. the solid lines.
were places they went occasionally.
The broken lines were expeditions.
I asked him where was his home port?
He said. "Where are you on this map?"
I looked and I laughed
and I said. "I don't know."
So. he said. "Well then. if
you don't know where you are.
there wouldn't be any point
of my telling you where I am."
Later. Marjorie Fish. a brilliant woman.
took that star map and
did years of research
to try to find the stars
that Betty had sketched.
And then in 1971.
there was a new
astronomical catalog published.
There were now three stars on the map
that hadn't been there before.
She added the new stars
and she had a match for Betty's star map.
The two stars in the foreground
were Zeta Reticuli 1 and 2.
Where are you now?
I open my eyes and there is the car.
And Delsy is in a tight
ball under the seat.
I see Betty. she gets into the car.
And I am grinning at her
and she is grinning back at me.
And we both seem so elated.
And I'm thinking it isn't too bad.
How funny. I have no reason to fear.
And we look and I see a
bright moon and I laugh and say.
"Well. there it goes."
And I'm happy.
I'm Dr. Michael Masters.
I'm a professor of biological
anthropology at Montana Tech.
As a paleoanthropologist.
I would be doing things almost
identical to what's described
in reports of close encounters.
I'd be taking skin samples.
hair samples. fecal samples.
which could be what gives
rise to the anal probing aspect
of this phenomenon.
I would be studying culture.
I would be studying the things
that don't preserve in the fossil record.
things that we could only
know by being a part of that past
and observing those individuals
and those cultures as
living. breathing things.
I interpret their behaviors
in the context of this lens
that I see through. but
what they do. how they do it.
when they do it.
all of these things seem to indicate
that there's some research mission.
that there's some attempt at
discovering their own history
and where they came
from in the deep future.
Perhaps it stems from my
own bias as an anthropologist.
as a biological anthropologist.
That's what I would do with this.
What has happened to these people
is what they say has happened to them.
even though I fully recognize
that that's not possible
in the worldview in which
they and I were raised.
Well.
then. how is it possible?
Well. that's the question. isn't it?
Either we try to shrink the phenomenon
into something where it.
as far as I can tell. won't fit.
or we're gonna have to stretch
our notions of the possible.
I passed five different
lie detector tests
from three different examiners.
all with years
of law enforcement
experience as interrogators.
We had been working some long. hard days.
and just as usual at that time period.
we worked up until dark.
packed up our equipment.
We were headed home
and we saw this glow
through the trees up ahead.
The strangeness of the
glow kind of made me think
that perhaps deer hunters were
camped up there on the ridge.
You know how you can
have a lantern inside of a tent
and it puts off a glow?
But there was just something odd about it.
You know. the idea that skeptics put forth
that what we really saw
was the planet Jupiter
in the distance. and that's absurd.
This was a clearly defined
metallic object hovering there
in the clearing less
than a hundred feet away.
Everybody knew what it was.
Immediately. one of the
men. Alan Dallas. yelled out.
"It's a flying saucer!"
I mean. there was no doubt
of what we were looking at.
I threw open the door and headed towards it
and there was a little bit of bravado.
maybe a little show off going on there.
but I thought this thing would take off
before I got that close.
Looking up at it.
it was extremely shiny
and giving off light at the same time.
The noise it was making was pretty scary.
Basically. off the range of human hearing
on the high and the low
end.
I decided to run back to the truck.
And when I stood up to run back.
I closed the distance between
my upper body and the craft.
And that's when this blast hit me.
It threw me 15 or 20 feet.
John said my body fell in
a clump like a sack of meat.
They said they panicked and took off.
And when they expressed the idea
that one of our men is
lost. you know. maybe killed.
you know. the sheriff and his men.
their attention really perked up.
What do you mean maybe killed?
The suspicion that this was
some kind of a cover story
for murder began almost immediately.
So. the men just protested. saying.
"We're telling the truth.
We'll take any kind of test you want."
The sheriff took 'em up on it.
So all the men passed
their lie detector tests
and the sheriff organized a search.
Eventually. they increased
the number of searchers
and there were men on horseback.
aircraft. helicopters. airplanes.
They even brought in the tracking dogs
from the local prison.
Those dogs were unable to find a trail
beyond the edge of the road
where I'd gotten out of the
truck up to where my body fell.
And that was the end of the trail.
So. that was pretty significant.
After losing consciousness.
the very next memory that I had
was a foggy sort of
perception of where I was.
The pain I was feeling led me to believe
that I somehow got hurt in fleeing
and that they had taken me to the hospital.
And so. when my vision cleared
and I was finally able to focus.
I could see that these
definitely were not doctors.
That this were these strange
creatures looking at me
and I instantly became hysterical.
It's not easy to talk about.
It was very claustrophobic.
I was having a lot of difficulty breathing
and I associated this
feeling of suffocation
with the faces of these beings.
To this day. you know. in my entire life.
that was the greatest
fear I've ever experienced.
These small beings. and
they were all the same size.
cooperating and moving sort of in unison.
led me to think that they
were probably telepathic
to each other and
attempting to be so with me.
but it was my neurological
injury of being hit by this beam
on this craft that made it
to where they couldn't affect
some mind control sort of a thing.
And something that adds to
that was the brainwave scan
that I had when I was returned.
It showed evidence of
some anomalous patterns
that later disappeared.
My anxiety about subsequent
bad health effects. you know.
that there would be some sort
of premature aging or cancer.
radiation. sickness. some
sort of bizarre infection.
None of that materialized.
On the contrary. I didn't get sick at all.
I never called in sick
one time in 40 years.
Is that proof that they
did some kind of repairs
that might have resulted
in a little bit of a tuneup
or a health benefit?
Possible.
Is it proof? No.
You know. I try to live a healthy life.
It could have been due to that.
but it was certainly the
opposite of coming down
with bad effects.
I'm constantly confronted by people
who have all the answers
and they wanna tell me who these beings are
and what they represent.
I don't think anybody really knows that.
and intentionally so.
I think these beings are holding back
on that kind of information.
I don't believe in the
idea that these beings
have been for several
hundred years creeping around.
trying to come up with a way to take over.
That just doesn't make sense.
If they felt nothing for us.
it would be very simple to eliminate us.
There wouldn't be dog
fights with our fighter jets
and their craft in the sky.
They're way superior to that
level of combat or hostility.
I just don't think it's the way it is.
10. nine. eight. seven. six.
You're almost there.
And five. four. three. two. one. and zero.
Allow yourself now to
gently drift back in time
to the time when you were a little girl
of about seven years old.
And as you come closer to the house.
describe where you are in
that house and how everybody
and everything looks around you.
I'm by my bunk bed. - Mm-hmm.
The door's cracked open.
Not really like standing on the floor.
I'm kind of like looking at it
from the corner of the room up top.
It's very quiet.
I don't think anyone's home.
Trying to like be asleep.
but like super restless.
It doesn't feel calm
anymore. it feels really.
I just feel like really uneasy.
I just feel like scared.
I keep like glancing
over at my closet I had
when I was a kid.
It was always scary to me.
Just like keep seeing it over to the side.
My closet's just really weird.
My eyes just can't relax right now.
It just feels like lightning.
It just feels bright like lightning.
I don't know why.
I just really just can't
stop looking at my closet
in my eyes right now.
Just try to describe what
is there. what you're sensing.
I just feel super scared.
but it's like I don't wanna go over there.
but there's just like this light.
it's like a bluish-white light.
I get this blue-white
description all the time.
Usually when people
describe a light shining down.
it's coming from a craft.
but I don't suggest that to her.
She didn't say it. she didn't say a craft.
but she just saw the blue-white light.
The closet's black. but I
can see this like gray light.
It's not even like a light.
but it's like nothing's
reflecting on it but it's there
and I can see just like
this gray around the black.
Now get a sense of that gray.
It feels just like staring.
but it's not like a scary feeling of that.
It just feels like I'm not alone.
And I think that's like the
part that's making me nervous.
is knowing that there's
something else there
that I don't know what it is.
Okay. just remember whatever happened.
you came out of it and you're safe
and now you're allowing
yourself to describe
what you're seeing or sensing.
It feels like I'm inside
of like a round teapot.
It's like just gray and my bed is there
and the door is just.
and my closet still open.
As you're looking at the door.
in that area near the door.
are you seeing anything else?
I am. but I don't know if that's real.
Don't. Try not to question.
Don't analyze yourself.
It just feels like there's like a...
It feels like there's black
tile outside of the door.
I'm peeking around the door.
It feels like there's a
desk. like control desk.
like a desk where you have controls there.
It doesn't look like
buttons. it looks like squares.
It looks almost like a pull
start on like a weed whacker.
There's like a red pull start
and there's a black square above the desk.
- Is that a window?
- I don't think it's a window.
It looks like a monitor that's just off.
but there's no cord.
It's just like a floating. thin.
black piece of glass just above the desk.
I feel like I need to not be in that room.
I feel like I need to... Take a deep breath
and just feel yourself going to the right.
I feel like I need to go
check on myself almost.
My red flags go up
when people tell me that.
It was like a conflict of is
she gonna allow herself to go
with this experience?
She was very concerned about.
"Oh no. I have to check on myself."
It feels really weird. it
feels really uncomfortable.
It feels like I'm gonna get into trouble.
I wish I could draw it.
I wish I could've been explaining it well.
It's just like this-
You'll remember every detail.
- It's like a circle.
- You'll be able to draw it.
It almost feels like I'm in a bowl.
Now I'm starting to
feel like this is a test.
It almost feels like a test.
It doesn't feel like my
body's being intruded
'cause my body's still over
to this side on the bunk bed.
but I feel like I'm being observed.
like it's a test.
The room just went dark.
We're gonna stop right here.
Just say
whatever's coming into your brain.
Yeah. I think like. well. first off.
I really thought we were gonna focus
on trying to get to that dream.
but I guess that's how
this works sometimes.
is like you go one way
and it turns out it's
completely something else.
And I almost feel like that dream
was like a weird like
implant. like here you go.
like there's a memory for you.
Like. here's a little dream.
You and your friend's at a party
and there was a storm and whatever.
Who cares?
You know. to me that felt
completely like planted.
She kept referring to her closet.
I always hated my closet.
My sister knew it.
I always felt like it was bad.
It felt horrible.
Horrible. like. I felt
like I just wanted it
to just not be there.
And I don't know what that gray thing was.
It almost. this is gonna sound so weird.
but it felt like an amoeba-shaped outline.
but there was like nothing in it.
It was just like a gray
amoeba and it was tall.
like a tall gray amoeba
in black. just like watching.
like not even watching.
but lurking and like stalking.
This gray. tall figure
looking at this little girl
in her bunk bed.
I try not to lead anybody
into. oh. it's an alien. you know?
She just kept saying it's there
and that's what she was
feeling uncomfortable about.
that wait a minute. this is my bedroom.
I'm supposed to be by myself
and nobody's supposed to be here.
It almost felt like
the observation I felt
when I was in the the bowl.
like when I said like I
feel like I'm being watched
and being tested.
it was that same feeling
as when I was in my room.
It was like a fear where I'm like.
"Am I gonna get in trouble?
What am I doing? Why am I here?
Why am I being observed?"
It was just very typical
of an abductee experiencer.
I saw something I've never seen before.
I've never seen anything like this.
that little room with like a
huge observation-like pod.
I think that's what kind of
messed with me the most.
But being able to come
out of it and being. I mean.
I'm also like a very. you
know. back to reality person.
So. for me. I'm like
now I just wanna be like.
how do I like apply this?
Like. I'm excited about it.
I just feel like there's
more and I'm just like.
I'm ready to like go out
and figure out more stuff
about this 'cause that was.
I think it was pretty life changing.
I just know from my experience
there's much more there in their childhood.
Hi. - Hi.
You should come out to LA
and you should be a part of this
and you should do dream regression too.
Really?
Can you tell me a little bit more about it
or anything else that came of this?
Not really
'cause I don't really
wanna ruin your experience.
I think you should have like
your own idea about everything.
But it was just really
cool and really informative
and we have support to do it.
We'll figure it out. the
time and day and everything.
just come out. - Okay.
Okay. I love you.
I'll keep in touch with you.
Love you too. - Okay. Bye.
Bye.
I can't wait for my sister
to have this experience
if she ends up coming out here for this
'cause she's even more
emotional than me (laughs).
So. I think you could probably
figure out a lot from her
and hopefully she'll have
some explanation about her life.
but I really wanna find
out more about that closet
and more about this other dream.
'cause the other one
is the adventure dream.
That one's wild.
So. if I'm one of these
creatures that's visiting Earth.
I'm most likely. I would say.
a time traveler or an
interdimensional traveler.
There really is so many possibilities.
It'd be lovely to get a
little more information
to limit those possibilities.
I became interested in this
question of UFOs and aliens
when I was about eight years old.
My father had bought a
book called "Communion"
by Whitley Strieber.
And I looked up at this
book on the living room shelf
and it had sort of this mental image
of a chimpanzee-like creature.
an early hominin if you will.
a modern human. and then
this alien form on the book cover.
And I wondered. "Could
there be a connection here?
Could they maybe be us in the future
coming back through time
to study their own evolutionary past?"
Once I had this sort of mental image.
I became very interested
in the question of UFOs
and started to follow the
work of Stanton Friedman
and others who are researching it
from a very scientific perspective
to understand how
others are looking at this.
What can we learn
through the lens of science
with regard to this question
and all the mysteries that surround it?
The main reason I believe
that these are simply future humans
or extratempestrial descendants
is because if we look at the long history
of hominin evolution.
the main trends are
an increase in brain size
and reduction in our facial anatomy.
or a shift toward
orthognathism as we call it.
That has occurred in
concert with standing upright.
Our heads had to rotate down
to see where we were going
once we became bipedal
six to eight million years ago.
And doing that. it caused
our basicranium to flex
and that opened up more space
within the neurocranium. the calvarium.
where our brain could grow
larger and larger over time.
Once we developed culture.
once we started to produce stone tools
and we had fire.
that released our faces
of the burdens of chewing. mastication.
that allowed our brains
to grow even farther
and to reduce the face even more.
Height is an interesting characteristic.
It's actually very much
influenced by the environment.
So. for instance. after
the Great Depression.
during times of warfare
when resources are in scarce supply.
we actually become much shorter.
And when there's more food available.
when the population's healthy.
such as with the Dutch.
right now they're among
the tallest people in the world.
It's very much a possibility
that in our evolutionary future.
we can see that same fluctuation.
the same ebb and flow where
we get taller and shorter again.
So. these grays. some are
reported to be very short.
others are reported to be
very tall. skinny. kind of frail.
but importantly. they're all bipedal.
They're all described
as being upright walking.
And that connection.
that trait is actually
what defines our lineage.
the hominin lineage.
So. I think it's important
to take all of these into consideration.
Many of these reports
describe dark eyes. cold eyes.
but it's very likely that.
depending on where these individuals live.
that they would have darkened lenses.
possibly even lenses that can do
a number of different things together
to help them see better
in different conditions.
or to serve other purposes.
focusing like binoculars.
And if those same trends that dominate
the whole of hominin
evolution over the last six
to eight million years.
if those trends continue into the future.
we would expect the eyes
to grow much larger as well.
We're very likely to look
like these alien beings.
What the source of this
is. who these beans are.
where they come from.
what creates this intelligence.
I don't know.
but there's something
profoundly important going on here
that is authentic and real.
A friend and I decided
to take a camping trip.
We drove into Devil's Den State Park
and we came up on a hill
and when we crusted it.
it opened up into this gorgeous metal.
On the horizon were three
stars in a tight little triangle.
Each star was almost as
bright as the North Star.
and it moved.
We were excited and we were. whoa.
and we're watching this thing
and that's when I felt this
feeling of calm wash over me
for the first time.
I don't know how much time passed.
but I believe it was about four hours.
Our watches had both
stopped.
They were mechanical watches.
they both stopped around 2:40.
And my friend was on his
knees peering out the tent
and I could see there
were these flashes of lights
and I could see tracks
of tears down his face.
and all that feeling of calm
and apathy that I felt earlier was gone
and there was nothing
now but abject terror.
I got to my knees and I
pulled back my flap of the tent
and I look out and I noticed two things.
The craft that had been 3.000 feet above us
had now descended and is
just 30 feet over the metal.
And I noticed what I thought first
to be children walking around the metal.
And I asked Toby. I said.
"Toby. man. what are
these kids doing out here
in the middle of this metal
in the middle of the night?"
And he said. "Man. those
ain't no little kids. Terry.
They're not human beings.
They took us and they hurt
us. don't you remember?"
I became aware that I was in
some type of operating room.
There was a white-domed
ceiling and a white pedestal table.
And I recall thinking
that the table should
have been cold to the touch.
but it wasn't. it was warm.
and it was probably warm
from the bodies that
had been on prior to me.
I'm darting my eyes around
because it's all I can move
and trying to take in as much as possible.
I saw not only that there
were the little grays around.
six foot tall.
pinkish-colored guy that
seemed to be in charge.
but there was human
beings aboard this craft.
five. what appeared to be military.
guys 18 to early 20s.
military style haircuts.
tan flight suits. orange insignias.
And I was trying to make
eye contact with them
and they would not look at us.
they would not look in our direction.
When they took me into the room
and did the medical experimentation on me.
there was an insectoid-like creature.
maybe seven feet tall.
So. there were a couple
of different types of entities
and I think that they
were all working in concert.
I have an opinion about the
grays that I should add here.
or at least the ones that
I came in contact with.
I don't believe that
they are sentient beings
like you and I are.
I think they're maybe a combination of AI.
nanotechnology. maybe quantum computing.
but I don't think that
they're living sentient beings.
In terms of trying to
explain actual phenomenon
that's been recorded.
I feel like a technological answer
is probably the easiest answer.
There is a reason that NASA sends robots
to explore outer space.
I mean. it's really handy to
be able to build a technology
that's perfectly suited for the environment
that you're gonna be exploring.
And so. if I were going
to explore an alien world.
I would definitely send a robotic probe
because as a biological creature.
it's much harder for
me to change my biology
than it is for me to build a technology
that's gonna be perfectly suited
for whatever environment I'm headed to.
whether it's the hot depths of Venus
or whether I'm on a freezing cold Mars.
you can build the robots
to suit the environment
that you're headed for.
This technology is so smart
that it doesn't even
necessarily care about us.
And so. it makes decisions
without really considering people.
And sometimes that's
pretty catastrophic for us.
In "Robopocalypse." the reason we survive
is because of our human adaptability
and our basic low-level
devious intelligence
and will to survive.
And that's kept us going
for a couple hundred thousand years.
and hopefully it'll keep us going
through any alien robot uprisings
that we might face in the future.
It's possible that they
would have a technology
where they could come
up with a synthetic robot
of some sort.
I really think that if the
intention was to stand in place
of a living being.
it would be something that
resemble humans the most
that I would be less combative with.
The idea that these beings
somehow evolved away from emotion
and no longer feel it and you know.
some people even claim
that they are curious about us
because we feel emotion and
they don't feel that anymore.
But here's the deal.
once an intelligent sentient
being is capable of telepathy.
facial expressions becomes superfluous.
On the contrary. rather than
no longer feeling emotion.
it might be that they
feel it in a much higher.
more intense level than we do.
When this thing looked at me.
he seemed surprised that I was so upset.
He kind of cocked his
head at me a little bit
and then all of a sudden I
got hit with this emotion bomb
and it was as if every emotion
that a human could feel.
he was blasting at me in some lame attempt
to feel something like for me.
My experience happened in June of 1977.
Steven Spielberg's movie
"Close Encounters" came out
in November that same year.
It was 30 years before I
felt comfortable enough
to watch the movie. but when I did.
I was struck by a number of parallels.
I was absolutely blown away by the fact
that he portrayed
these men in flight suits.
They weren't tanned.
but there was obviously an
exchange of men and women
and aliens working in
concert toward a common goal.
And that's kind of the
takeaway from Spielberg's movie.
is all of these entities working in concert
towards some common agenda.
And God. I'd love to
know what that agenda is.
Documentary.
that's a pilot half hour thing.
I should do it real quick.
I had an alien implant. - Okay. hold on.
I wanna unpack that.
I asked them.
"How many of these things
have you put in people?"
The answer shocked me.
They said. "Many thousands
over three generations now."
Should I have my glasses on or off?
Let's take
them off. if that's okay.
So. Skyler and I. to some degree.
are kind of like a mullet.
business in the front.
she's party in the back.
so we're just complimentary.
but very different (laughs).
One day. we both woke
up and told each other
that we both had this similar dream.
And this first dream we
had was like this mansion
that we were trapped in.
Trapped in a house
or something like that.
a scenario where we
were trying to escape and-
And we both confirmed
that it was the same setup
in this living room.
The people that were in
the dream were the same.
Probably a couple months after that.
we both. again. had another dream
and this one was completely-
Different where we were at a family party
and eventually all the kids in the dream-
Were outside and there
was like a bouncy house
that you would see like at a kid's party.
but you could see there was
some sort of beings inside
the bouncy house. but
they were not human beings.
By the end of the dream.
I remember kind of floating
or being like higher up.
Floating tornado.
Everything went black and
then we were thrown back down.
And I remember there being a bluish.
greenish hue throughout
the setting in my dream
that I don't know why.
but it just gave me the emotion
of assuming it was something non-human.
I have no idea what's gonna happen.
I have no reference points.
Skyler can't tell me anything.
won't tell me anything.
so I have no idea what to expect.
Best case scenario. we find
some interesting information
that why maybe Skyler
and I both had these dreams
on the same nights.
Worst case. I am in the
same position as I am now.
which is I know nothing more than me
and Skyler had the same dream. same night.
just really weird circumstances.
So. what we'll do. I'll take you back.
I'm gonna be regressing you back
to when you were a little girl.
Your subconscious may
remember. like I said. the exact age.
I'm just nervous
and a little anxious to
go through the process.
but I'm excited to see
what comes out of it.
It's very hard. it's
very hard to. you know.
it's very tempting to just
sort of waffle about bullshit.
but I think it's very hard to talk about it
in a way that has any value.
However. it's also very clear
that the UFO phenomenon is multifaceted
and far. far weirder than
most people have conceived of.
I used to believe in a literal reality
of gray beings visiting
us in technological craft
and abducting people
and interacting with them
for their own scientific agendas.
And in a universe of
infinite possibilities.
it has to be a possibility
and people do report it.
But we have to question
the role of the experiencer
in any of these alien encounters.
In "Reframing the Debate."
the book that I edited.
one of the authors. Greg Bishop.
looks at this idea of co-creation.
the idea that the UFO phenomenon
and other paranormal phenomena
are products of a co-creationalprocess
between the observer and.
yes. something that is separate from us.
some exotic external stimuli.
I think the biggest problem
with studying UFOs now
is that people are
looking for that one cause.
or they make an assumption about what it is
and then they try to fit
their evidence that they find
and the things that
they talk about to people
and the things that they ask of witnesses
to that preconception.
whether it be they're
coming from other planets.
which is basically 99.9%
of what people think
when they're thinking about this.
or they come from another dimension
or another time or something like that.
And if these beings do
actually turn out to be
from the future. then ultimately.
aren't we talking about
the human perspective?
Some people have speculated
that UFOs are a projection of us.
I mean. Carl Young. of course. in the '50s.
thought about the idea
that the UFO is symbolic
of the human condition of
the wholeness of humanity
and hence the UFO being circular.
It's some kind of almost like
a metaphysical manifestation
of our collective concerns.
anxieties. hopes. fears.
desires about the universe at
this point in human evolution.
So. that's a sort of
psychosocial theory for UFOs.
But of course. how do you explain then
when a psychosocial phenomenon seems
to have physical effects
on witnesses on terra firma?
How do we account for this?
There seems to be an
ontological physical reality
to the phenomenon.
and so therefore people
automatically then go to the notion
that this must be extra terrestrial
because what else could that be?
When you look at it.
people react to it in
so many different ways.
I think it's something that
affects people very deeply
in some cases.
and that the variety that
we see in the UFO subject
is due mostly to the
variety we see in people
and how they perceive things
and how they remember things
and what their culture tells them.
It almost seems.
and this is a theory
that's been put forward
by Jacques Vallee and others.
that what we're witnessing.
what people are experiencing
is more of a performance.
it's theater on the part
of whatever intelligence
is involved here.
Like. why do UFOs have blinking lights?
What's that about?
They don't need blinking lights.
We don't need blinking lights on anything.
Why do they need blinking lights?
That's the show. that's for show.
The way they appear
to people in many cases.
especially in close encounters.
it seems like theater.
it seems over the top.
Obviously. what it is. it wants to be seen.
it wants us to be aware of it.
I suppose that's the one thing you can draw
from this quite certainly.
is that whatever the intelligence is.
it wants us to be aware of it.
Really. all we can do is to try to listen
to what witnesses have to say
without imposing any
pre-existing ideologies.
beliefs. expectations.
desires. obsessions onto that.
and just to try to gather
as much data as possible
and to put that data in the hands of people
who are qualified to make sense of it.
And in the UFO field. unfortunately.
there are very few people
who have any official formal qualifications
that would help us understand UFO data.
Basically. the UFO
phenomenon resides within us.
and I think if we concentrate on that.
things will start to change.
There will be an understanding.
not an answer. but an understanding.
I like the word understanding.
So. maybe that should be
part of the aim of ufology.
or people that study UFOs now.
is to understand what's going on.
not to come up with an
answer or to prove something.
Harvard professor or not.
anyone who believes what
you do would believe anything.
Yeah. I mean.
it's really not a matter
of believing. Richard.
I mean. I think to me.
this was utterly not possible
when I first heard about it
and I didn't write about it.
I didn't speak publicly
about it for two years.
This grew out of the experiences
of case after case after case.
So. it was not like believing anything.
I came cautiously. reluctantly.
gradually to take this
as seriously as I did.
I am maybe better known as Kathie Davis
in Budd Hopkins' book. "Intruders."
I had experiences most of my life
and a big experience in June 30th. 1983.
Prior to finding out I was pregnant.
I was out with my friend
in the middle of the
night stalking her boyfriend
in the corn fields
and we had this weird
encounter with this crazy light.
It was funny because she
remembered more of the incident
than I did.
You mean the light on the ground?
And I'm like. "What light on the ground?"
She actually remembered the
light coming down on the ground.
I remembered being pulled
out of the car by my legs.
After that experience. I
found out that I was pregnant.
My pregnancy was confirmed by our doctor.
and he actually thought I
might be a little farther along
than I thought I was.
I was already engaged
and we already had a
wedding date set for June.
but we went ahead and moved it up to April
so I wouldn't be giant pregnant.
About 3 1/2 to four months into it.
I had another strange experience
while babysitting for my sister
and I woke up the next day.
immediately thinking something
was wrong with my baby.
I ended up going to a
facility with a friend of mine
and had another pregnancy
test. which came back negative.
The doctor never explained
to me where my baby went.
why my pregnancy was suddenly not there.
He just said he'd seen it before
and that it would be
best that I'd just forget
that this ever happened and
I would get pregnant again.
I was young and I'd have other kids
and I shouldn't worry about it.
But I knew when I woke up the next morning
and thought there's something
wrong. where's my baby?
And then before I went
to Planned Parenthood.
I knew the baby was a
girl and I don't know how.
but I knew that it was a girl.
To say this. it was like really hard
because you're trying to talk
about people being abducted
and they go. "Oh yeah.
now they're. you know?"
And I said it one time
on a talk show in the '90s.
and oh my God (laughs).
You just opened up a can of worms
and then you gotta explain that.
And I'm always asked.
"Why are these alien beings doing this?
Why are they abducting people?"
And from all the years
of research that I've done.
I feel very strongly that there
is a cross-breeding program
with alien beings and humans.
I was on a table and
I remember looking up
and seeing two of them walking in with her.
holding her hands.
And when she came into the room.
she looked at me and then she looked away
and she was afraid of me.
And I immediately felt sad.
When I looked at this baby. I'm like.
"This is my baby. this is my daughter."
And then when she looked at me
and she looked like she was scared of me.
it hurt my feelings.
And then I thought.
"Well. it's like she never seen anybody
who looked like me before."
And I might have looked
scary to her. I guess.
Do you know.
do you have any idea why
they presented her to you?
No. I do not.
Did you get
to touch her or hold her at all?
No.
The question might be. why?
Why would they be doing this?
If I was the alien
coming back through time.
why would I be taking
this genetic material?
And in looking at past and current trends.
500 years ago. we had very
isolated. separate groups.
inner breeding populations. that.
beginning primarily with
European colonialism.
started to amalgamate.
We started to get homogenization
of our genetic material.
If that trend continued into the future.
we might expect problems
similar to those we have today
with highly inbred groups.
To get around those problems.
one of the only places you
could find new gene variants
would be to sample haplo groups
that never made it into the future.
Those would offer you
the ability to find new genes
to put into an overly
homogenized population
to alleviate some of these problems.
We do this today.
it's a very important strategy used
in conservation measures.
When we have a small isolated group
where gene drift takes
over and causes problems.
we look for the most
different genotypes available
to hybridize with these groups
in order to overcome these problems.
I think we're very far from consensus
that range from people
who just think that there's
so little data it's not
even worth talking about
to people who. some scientists.
colleagues of mine who have materials
that are supposedly from
ships that seem hard to explain.
In my laboratory. we
ban the word impossible.
Even some physics limits get
questioned from time to time.
So. I think it's possible.
We don't have enough evidence to doubt it.
and so that's another reason why. you know.
68% of citizens have an open mind
to both the existence of aliens
and the government cover up.
So. Deb. I have to ask you.
and I'm sure you've gotten this before.
but as compelling as your story is.
and I'm as a former
assistant attorney general.
you can appreciate it.
There's just no evidence
that this ever took place
in the physical world. so
how do you answer to that?
I'm not sure where they
come from or how they get here.
but I've had experiences
that actually left
physical marks in the yard.
So. that's a physical level to it.
And also I've developed
this sort of like sixth sense
as I've gotten older
and this ability to kind of feel people
in their thoughts and stuff.
sometimes just as I walk by them.
and I don't even do it on purpose
and I often wonder if that's a side effect
of this communication that was between me
and these entities or these things.
In 2012. I woke up in the morning
and threw my legs over the
bed and stood up and I fell.
I couldn't support weight on my right leg.
They took me into the x-ray room
and they did a couple x-rays
and the woman seemed kind
of perplexed and she asked me.
she said. "Have you had a
shrapnel wound or something
to account for a piece
of metal in your leg?"
And I explained. "No.
I'd never had any injury
to that leg whatsoever."
And then she said.
"I'm gonna ask a radiologist
to come down and take a look."
He put this film up.
He said. "You have here what
appears to be bones arranged"
in a floret pattern in the
calf muscle of your leg.
And I ask. "Is that unusual. doctor?"
And he says. "Well. bone
does not typically sprout
in the middle of muscle tissue."
And he was talking to the technician
and for her benefit. I think.
he walked over to me
and poked me in the leg
and said to her. "It'll be right here."
And I interrupted and I said.
"What will be right there?"
And he told me. he says.
"Well. you have to have a scar there."
He says. "Anytime you
break the integrity of the skin"
to have an object like
this buried into the fascia
"and the tissue that deep.
that's gonna leave a scar."
And he asked his intern to run up
and get a handheld black
light. which she brought back.
And he says. "Scar
tissue will fluoresce under
a black light. we'll find it."
He turned off the lights
and he examined my knee again
and he was obviously
confused. frustrated. confounded.
And I asked him. I said.
"Doctor. how often is it that you find
a foreign object buried
into the skin at this depth.
at this size without there
being a corresponding scar?"
And he thought for a
second and said. "Never."
He said. "I've been a
radiologist for 23 years.
I've never seen this before."
November 16th. 2017. I
woke up in the morning
with a lot of pain in my upper legs.
Somehow I knew. I told my wife. I said.
"They came last night
and they took this thing outta my leg."
and she says. "Well.
you gotta get an x-ray."
So. I made my way to a
chiropractic office and I said.
"Well. doctor. real quick.
I need an x-ray of my right leg
because I had an alien implant from 1977
and I think aliens came
last night and took it out."
And he's got me by the arm
and he's leading me to the front door.
And I know chiropractors look
at maybe a hundred x-rays a week.
and I'm holding my x-rays
up in front of his face
and he stops dead in his tracks
and he says. "Come with me."
We went into his office
and he shut his door
and he looked at the
x-rays and he said. you know.
"I've never seen anything like this before.
I'm gonna write you a script for an x-ray."
He told me where to go.
He said. "I'll pay for it.
and that you bring the
x-ray back to me to look at."
I got the x-ray and I took it
home to show my wife first.
And we stuck it up on
the window and we looked.
and I'm no radiologist.
but it was plain to see
that thing was indeed gone.
I took the films and I
dropped them off in his office.
He called me at dinner
that evening and he says.
"Well. did you see your x-ray?"
And I said. "Yeah."
And he says. "Well. did you see
that they didn't take everything out?"
And I said. "No. I don't know
what you're talking about."
And he told me where to look.
Right parallel with my femur.
there are two filaments of wire.
And I said. "Doctor. how
is it that these beings"
that are so advanced
that they can remove this from my leg
without a surgical incision
in the middle of the night
without me knowing.
"how can they be so inept as
to leave two wires in my leg?"
He said. "I don't think
they're inept at all."
He said. "I think they gave you an upgrade.
I think they took out the 1977 model
and gave you the 2017 model."
Begin now. going back very gently.
going back to a time
when you were a little girl
of about eight or nine years old.
You allow all the information
to come forward very
easily and effortlessly.
You are living with your parents
on the farm in Elgin. Illinois.
So. I'm in like the kitchen.
I pass by the front door
and I go up the stairs.
I have a bunk bed and the
walls in my room are light green
and I have like a horse
border at the top of my room.
It's dark. really dark.
I feel like some shadowy
dark thing's like coming in
from Skyler's room into like the bathroom.
Just describe what
those shadowy figures look like.
Like drapery almost or
something is on them.
Just try to focus in.
Describe in detail what it looks like.
It looks very loose-fitting.
It's like a hood.
How many shadowy
figures are there. do you see?
I think it's two.
One is taller than the other one.
I don't think the other one has drapery.
Almost. I feel like Skyler's the other one.
'cause it's smaller.
When Kaylee mentioned
that her sister Skyler
was standing next to the hooded figure.
I knew that we were making
a significant connection
with the two sisters' experience.
I'm scared
Now. get in touch
with that feeling and emotion.
I'm walking towards Skyler.
It feels like she has her hand out.
And do you take her hand? - Mm-hmm.
We're walking through the
bathroom to her bedroom
and now it's like a
really. really bright light
by her window right next to her closet.
I keep like glancing
over at my closet I had
when I was a kid.
It was always scary to me.
Did you look at that bright light?
Do you see the source of the light?
It's almost like a hole in the room.
It's so bright and intense. it's just.
I think it might be in between
her closet in the window.
Okay.
When I remembered
seeing 'em come into my room.
they seemed fleshing blood.
like three-dimensional in the room with me.
There were times when
I've gotten the feeling
that I'm seeing something extradimensional.
Not particularly. you
know. extraterrestrial. like.
didn't get in a spaceship and
fly here from somewhere else.
but maybe arrived here some other way.
I feel like we're in the light now.
It feels like we're moving
quickly up. like rushed up.
Take a look above you as you're going up.
Can you describe what's
there. anything you sense or see?
It's like a rounded shape door.
but it's like coming down
almost like a airplane door
for like cargo.
I feel like there's other
people or things there.
like by the doors and
just around the perimeter.
Can you describe them?
They have really like
thin bodies. taller than me.
Now they're in between me and Skyler
and they're holding our arms.
And are you and Skyler walking with him?
It feels more like they're
forcing. like dragging us.
but like. we're still walking.
It's just we're resisting.
In this place... Now we're sitting.
like next to the wall. - You're sitting?
My knees are up in my
chest and I'm holding my legs.
It feels curved. like it's more rounded.
It feels like I'm inside
of like a round teapot.
It almost feels like I'm in a bowl.
My head hurts.
Okay. now. get in
touch with where it hurts.
It's like the left backside of my head.
Like. it feels like. I
don't know. it feels.
it hurts though.
Does it feel that something
is touching your head?
Do you feel pressure?
Yeah. I don't know.
It feels like pushing in.
It hurts. - Okay.
That's on the left side of your head?
Yeah. it feels like it's
moving up. like. towards my ear.
It feels like a needle
or it hurts. it really hurts.
Okay. describe where
that needle is being inserted.
The bottom of my head. like up.
but I feel it really bad. intense.
like right on the left side
in the middle of my head.
When I hear the abductee
or experiencer describe
that their head is hurting.
after hundreds and hundreds
of cases that are also similar.
it doesn't surprise me
and it did not surprise me
when I heard Kaylee describe that.
It feels like my head is
getting pushed down now.
like it's on the ground.
The hand is on my left side
and the needle is like a surgical needle.
And it's like pushing a.
it's like trying shove a
square with rough edges.
It doesn't move fluidly.
I suspect that the beings
were placing an implant
somewhere in Kaylee's head.
When she described the pain
move to the back of the head.
that's one of the common areas
that a person will be implanted.
All I'm going by are my
cases and the similarities
and I can only talk about
where my research takes me.
Okay.
How many people do you sense around you?
I think there's four.
Do they feel familiar to you?
Not familiar like I know what they are.
but familiar like I've seen it before.
Do you remember the
first time that you saw them
or they came in contact with you?
It was the last time my head hurt.
They're getting closer to
me now. like. looking at me.
Okay. and
as they're looking at you.
can you describe what they look like?
Just dark eyes.
Do you get a
sense of why they're doing this?
Hmm-mm.
It feels like they're
drilling a hole into my head
to like cut it.
Do you sense
any communication from them
while they're doing this?
Kind of now. yeah.
It sounds like clicking.
They're like clicking at each other.
Okay.
Any other - My head hurts so bad.
Okay. take a deep breath.
Okay. Kaylee. are you ready
to leave this time for now?
Mm-hmm.
You'll awaken feeling fully
refreshed. mentally alert.
very calm. with a good sense of wellbeing.
and feeling very happy.
Hi. - Hi.
Welcome back. - Thank you.
Okay.
Skyler's reaction was very intense.
I did not expect that.
I don't know if maybe she
was super emotional about it
because she's been holding
her experience back from me.
She wasn't able to tell me
since she had her session first.
So. I think maybe it was a
little bit of built up emotion.
The night of the dream.
I'm sitting in my bed.
and remember our house
connected to our rooms?
Yeah.
You are there holding
the hand of someone.
Stop. I'm gonna start crying.
Stop.
Is this what happened to you?
No.
I didn't have this dream regression.
I went to the other dream. but keep going.
That's so weird.
So. you're holding the hand of somebody.
They looked like very slender.
like. they almost had like amphibian skin.
it looked like. or felt like.
It definitely felt like
rubbery. like textured skin.
The eyes were just.
I remember them being very big
and like proportionately much larger.
There was something about
like when they looked at you.
like I almost felt like
stunned or like enchanted.
not even that way. but
like. just like mesmerized.
Like. I couldn't really
focus the way I would
with like a normal interaction with people.
So. I go with you and I take your hand
and we go into your room.
That room. - I know.
I literally thought of the closet.
That fucking room.
That's. shut up! No!
Are you serious?
- I thought of your closet.
That's my dream regression.
it was about that closet.
So... I'm crying.
I'm sorry. this is very. very scary for me.
Very. very emotional.
My room has always been
a really. really weird place.
I've never felt comfortable in it
and I never liked my closet.
It never just felt like a room.
it felt just like a square.
I don't know if darker is the word.
but it was different than hers.
but still kind of ominous.
and I think just that experience
and us already having a
weird sense of her room.
especially her closet. obviously
was a big trigger for her.
It got to this point
where I got extreme.
intense pain in my head.
like worse than a migraine headache.
but like in a specific spot in my head.
And it felt like a needle was going through
the back of my head. into my head.
and it like stayed with me
throughout like this whole process.
Like. I came out of this
and I still had head pain.
I'm just bothered
about the pain inflicted.
I was always warned
that there's a possibility
that this could cause like
some sort of. you know.
trauma that could happen
or it could cause a trigger.
And for me. I feel
triggered by what she said.
My whole entire experience
was an out of body
when I watched my.
it was like I was watching myself
and I was like checking on myself.
But then I looked at my closet
and there was this tall amoeba shape. tall.
It wasn't. like. nothing was even about it.
It looked like an amoeba.
It was tall and it was just there.
I found it interesting
that we both saw figures.
but they were both
different types of forms.
I also thought one of
the most interesting things
of her hypnosis session was
that she saw the dark glass.
like the two-way mirror glass kind of thing
that she felt like people could see in.
but she couldn't see out.
and that's kind of exactly
how I felt about the eyes I saw.
So. I found that very interesting
and I wonder if maybe
that's somehow connected.
Weird that you had the
same experience with my room
and I can't believe that you were in pain.
I'm sorry.
I'm glad that we're okay and I love you.
I love you too.
It's crazy. I'm
so happy you came out.
I have no idea how
the abductees are chosen.
They seem to cut across
every socioeconomic level.
They seem to be unusually mentally sound.
In other words. they seem to pick people
who are particularly
strong. stable. open-minded.
There's something profoundly
important going on here
that is authentic and real.
I think that we might
use this reflection on aliens
as an opportunity to think about our future
or using what we know
about how quickly we're going
to project on how quickly
other species might go.
so we're prepared for
ourselves in the future
so that we could become
one of those creatures
and we might visit ourselves in some way.
We go off the planet and come back.
or we just become that staying in place.
and that we need to think about
the possible alternative
ways of being human.
But if they are out there.
it would change maybe
my priorities and worldview.
So. the sooner the better.
If they don't exist.
it will not necessarily be
intensely disappointing.
but I think we then have a huge.
even bigger obligation to spread ourselves
through the galaxy
if we're the only intelligent
life form in the universe.
it seems like it's a pretty cool thing
and you wouldn't want
it to be extinguished.
I was walking into something.
not realizing I was
actually walking a plank.
Let me put it that way.
The book was published
and I fell off the plank
and ended up underwater. basically.
That's what happened to me publicly.
People who do what I do as a comedian
have had a huge impact to
make the subject seem ridiculous.
And I regret it 'cause I
think I was insensitive
to some people I knew.
I think it's great that
experiencers can come out
and talk about their
experiences. their abductions.
their encounters with aliens.
I think they should be
accepted. not ridiculed.
and people will ridicule
them because we're human.
I find them compelling
and I find them believable.
And one of the motivations
for me in reporting on this
is the passion I feel
about the individual people
who are involved with this
who aren't taken seriously.
Experiencers report getting
messages telepathically
about taking care of our planet better.
If there's any kind of a
purpose in there being here.
that might affect our planet.
and this could be part of the power
that the whole question
of UFOs carries for people.
So many abductive tell me.
"I don't want them to leave.
I don't want this to stop
because I wanna know
why they've been doing this.
I wanna know why they
chose me and my family."
And I am hoping myself
that they don't just stop.
because I want answers too.
But in my experience in doing my work.
I doubt if they're just gonna stop.